[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 supernatural comedy
ghostbusters
answer the call the rivo of the 1984
original Ghostbusters movie so let's get
started
this summary does not rely on you having
seen the previous films but if you'd
like to see their summaries check out
the link below this film is littered
with references to the original films
with many of the original cast showing
up as other characters and other various
cameos it will be opens with physicists
Aaron Gilbert learning her research book
on the existence of paranormal phenomena
co-authored with fellow physicist
advocates has been republished by a
bleeds this threatens Aaron's bid for
tenure at Columbia University Aaron
confronts Abby who is continuing to
study the paranormal at a technical
college with engineer Gillian Holtzman
in exchange for a be removing the book
from publications Aaron reluctantly
agrees to assist her and Gillian and a
paranormal investigation of a presumed
haunted building where they witness and
film a ghost renewing Aaron's belief in
the paranormal however when the video
their investigation is posted online
Aaron is denied her tenured and Abby and
Gillian are also fired
Aaron Abbie and Gillian opened their own
ghost busting business and open an
office above the Chinese restaurant and
hired dim-witted but handsome
Kevin Beckman as a receptionist a MTA
worker named patty Tolan witnesses a
ghost in a subway line and contacts the
group they filmed the ghost and
successfully touched Jillian's proton
containment laser but the video is again
dismissed as a hoax
paddy joins a team providing a
repurposed hearse from her grandfather
similar to the echo one from the
original films soon and has learned that
the ghosts are being summoned by devices
built by Rowan North's an occultist and
a mad scientist attempting to bring
about the apocalypse the Ghostbusters
are brought to see the mayor who reveals
that the city and the Department of
Homeland Security are
of New York's ghost problems which is
very different than the original films
while privately supporting the teams
works the mayor's office publicly
denounced them as fraudsters the
Ghostbusters discover Rowan building a
portal to the ghost dimension in the
hotel basement to avoid capture
Rowan deliberately electrocutes himself
to death after which Jillian deactivates
the portal Aaron realizes that he killed
himself so that he could become a ghost
and command a spirit army broad returns
is a powerful ghost ultimately
possessing Kevin the receptionist as
Kevin he opens the portal and releases
hundreds of ghosts the police and DHS
are quickly subdued but the ghost
busters fight through the army of ghosts
to reach the portal rolling takes the
form of a ghost ghost to enormous height
and attacks the city the team devises a
plan to use a nuclear reactor to close
the portal and return the ghosts to
their own dimension the plan succeeds
but Rowan drags a beam to the portal
with him Aaron leaps into the portal and
rescues her after the city is saved the
mayor's office agrees to secretly fund
the Ghostbusters research while
continuing to publicly denounce them as
frauds however New York lights up with
thanks and tributes to the Ghostbusters
with new funding the Ghostbusters moved
to a better facility an unoccupied
firehouse the same one from the original
films and a post-credits scene patty
listens to a recording of a ghost
encounter and asked others that they've
ever heard of zoom the main ghost
terrorizing New York in the first film
so that was the spoilers for
ghostbusters answer the call if you have
a film you would like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on the
various forms of social media list below
I remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]